SRC_lapwso April 2002

Derived from WIEN2k/SRC_lapwso

Spin-orbit coupling might be switched off on selected atoms, where it
is expected to be insignificant. s-o can be switched on in final 
calculation, if needed.

hmsec was rewritten in order to speed up the calculation.

It is possible to include orbital potential Vorb. It has definite
advantages, comparing to inclusion Vorb in LAPW1, providing the interest 
is in orbital momentum and related effects:

a/ Real version of LAPW1 for systems with inversion center may be used.
b/ Nondiagonal <spin up|Vorb|spin down> terms are included.
c/ Vorb may be radially dependent (not yet implemented).

Because Vorb is expressed in local coordinate system of an atom, while
Vs-o in WIEN2k/SRC_lapwso is calculated in global co-ordinate system, it
was necessary to add subroutines
that allow to calculate matrix elements of Vorb in the local system
(abclm1.f90, lomain1.f90, rlomain1.f90, symop.f90)
Another new subroutine is garadorb.f90 that calculates radial integrals
connected with Vorb.

Nonspherical potential was added for relativistic local orbitals.

Execution command is:

x lapwso -up -orb     for systems with inversion center (real LAPW1 eigenvect.)
x lapwso -up -orb -c  for systems without inversion center 
                      (complex LAPW1 eigenvect.)
if -orb is not present, calculation is identical to that with WIEN2k/lapwso.

Alternatively the program may be executed by

lapwso lapwso.def,

where in comparison with standard WIEN2k lapwso.def contains three additional
lines:

11,'case.vorbdn'     ,'unknown','formatted',0
12,'case.vorbup'     ,'unknown','formatted',0
13,'case.vorbdnup'     ,'unknown','formatted',0


 Input data:

   1st line
   vect                 format(A5)     as in WIEN97 package

   2nd line
   llmax,ipr,kpot       free format    as in WIEN97 package, but
                                       icmplx missing

   3rd line
   EMIN, EMAX           free format    defines energy output window
                                       for LAPWSO output, allows to
                                       include only significant
                                       eigenvectors and thus shorten
                                       vector files

   4th line             
   Mx,My,Mz             free format    direction of magnetization
                                       expressed in units of the
                                       lattice vectors (as atom coord.
                                       in struct file)

   5th line
   nrelcase             free format   number of atoms for which the RLO
                                      (relativistic p1/2 local orbital) will
                                      be included

   6th line             free format   repeated nrelcase times 
   ity,ERLO(ity),dERLO(ity)
                        free format   index of atom with RLO,
                                       energy and energy increment for RLO
                                      (the same as for LO in LAPW1 input)

  7th line              free format  
  noff                                  number of atoms for which
                                        the spin-orbit coupling is
                                        switched off
  8th line              free format  
  iatoff(noff) 
                                        indexes of atoms for
                                        which s-o is switched off
